hey what's up YouTube today I'm
reviewing sniper ghost Warrior developed
by city interactive which I have no idea
what else they've made because I've
never heard of them in my life anyway in
this game you take the role of a few
different guys mainly though an American
sniper and I say that because that is
exactly what he is referred to as at one
point that was kind of funny you start
off on a simple kill mission to take out
some dude that's been doing some bad
crap and as you guess things don't quite
go as planned and henceforth the rest of
the game unfolds from that point on
though I kind of pretty quickly lost
what little grip I actually had as far
as what was taking place in the story
you jump between the American sniper I
think his name's Tyler and some guy who
just happens to be shooting guys on an
oil rig and then another guy who is in a
small militia about halfway through the
game as well when you do switch who
you're playing as the game literally
like fades to black and then fades right
they can't back in is that part like
dude no little like kind of Call of Duty
style flashes of like so so was
attacking here and the people like push
him but I just fade straight in it's
like oh shoot go no real context no real
reason just hey here you go here's
someone else to shoot with they have a
different gun it's weird and it very
quickly makes you not give a single crap
about the story
sniper ghost Warrior is a budget title
so you can't expect you know high budget
like big dev team graphics the funny
thing though is that the game looks
fantastic this video doesn't quite do it
just but I'm sure you get the idea
there's insane amounts of foliage
everywhere which is essential I mean for
the type of game you're sneaking around
as a sniper but also serves to make the
jungle around you just look completely
full and just lush and beautiful it's
kind of the type of game though that the
more you look at it you'll slowly kind
of pick your jaw back up off the floor
it was about halfway through for me that
it really peaked first you'll start to
notice the really blocky shadows then
will come your first framerate dip then
a bigger framerate dip when you use the
browning gun aka the turret sequences
next you'll get killed because you are
spotted due to hopping around like an
idiot trying to free yourself off of a
random rock / stick / invisible thing
that is even there that your character
just gets stuck on and you can't move
and you're trying to free yourself and
then some guy goes who's that retard
jumping around in the bushes let's shoot
him then you'll see pretty much poopy
character animations all these things
are gonna add up as you progress and
honestly it really sucks that they exist
because that initial holy crap moment of
how great the game looks is just amazing
so the thing that matters most here your
gun sound it's excellent when you're
sniping that is when you're not using a
sniper rifle or your sniper's pistol
which you'll kind of use if you're busy
reloading and guy sneaks up on me or
something
the sound for those other guns is really
weirdly distorted and not an oh it must
be intentional to make it sound kind of
like rugged and like the guns right up
by your ear kind of way but in that way
that makes you literally like stand up
and go check your speaker wires to see
if something's like loose back there
it's even worse in the turret sequences
for some reason it's almost like the
game just doesn't know how to like make
sense of more than one bullet per you
know trigger pull the voice-acting
also pretty bad but since the story is
kind of lame it kind of just falls to
the wayside you don't even really notice
the bad voice-acting other than just
maybe one or two places because they
wouldn't really make much difference
anyway since you really care about story
okay so something I probably should have
mentioned earlier if you're looking for
a simulation like hardcore sneak for 20
minutes then take your very specific one
shot one kill then get back out without
being noticed type of game then you
should keep looking because that's not
this game that is what I was expecting
and I'm sure there are people out there
who expect the same thing and it took me
an hour so to get used to this game and
how I actually needed to play it in
short take the sniper rifle from
singularity including its ability to
slow down time instead of holding your
breath you know when you click the left
stick in then add the ability to carry
about 300 rounds of ammo for said weapon
a silenced pistol like five or six
throwing knives and you're set the
slowdown time that you use is actually
explained as focusing but I don't care
breaking realism or not I thought it was
really cool it makes the game almost
easy at too few points in the game like
almost a little bit too easy but it's
fun nonetheless you'll also get a really
cool kind of bullet slowdown cam on your
headshots
there are several missions in the game
that requires comps tell on these
missions the enemies are fairly
realistic like when they can spot you
and maybe don't spot you you know
however during the rest of the game it's
basically like the first guy in an area
kind of in a general vicinity is just a
free kill you shoot him and then
everyone turns and goes and just starts
killing you it's weird cuz they'll just
turn on a dime and know exactly where
you are and with their like Susie a K
whatever the s it is that they're
holding they just open fire and heat you
with like 90 freakin percent of their
shots the layout other levels are is
pretty open so some of the time you can
kind of find a way to enter an area
shoot a few guys and kind of have
everyone else come to you so that you
can pick them off as they get there the
game a lot of times will say like don't
shoot anyone in this area and some of
them you really can't like it'll in the
level because the guys seem to be able
to just spot you half the time when
you're in like ten foot weeds with a
ghillie suit on and they'll just be like
oh right there there is so you kind of
just gotta start shooting there's not
really any online anymore
I did get into one match with like a
couple guys at one point the thing that
kind of sucks though is the game
basically just gives you like this
general direction of everybody else in
the match like your guy you're trying to
shoot and it just because this big duel
of like okay he's that way there is oh
you shot me first it kind of felt like a
bad version of like a sniper's only
version of Ghost Recon jungle storms
online back on the ps2 I wanted to play
the game pretty much because I love
sniping in games always like if the game
has a sniper rifle I will carry it any
second that I can carry I really loved
the sniper rifle and a recent game
singularity and heard that the sniper
rifle in this game was basically like
using that one 100% of the time so for
me it was pretty much like okay I'll
play it and for me despite all its flaws
it still turned out to be a honestly a
pretty fun just kind of mindless
headshot filled wrong if you don't fall
into that very very specific category of
sounding like you would probably like it
after all that description and don't
think that you can you know do as I did
and kind of tolerate the pretty large
amount of just kind of janky nosov the
game then you probably should just pass
on it because it
maybe very pretty to look at but for
most people out there that's probably
just about all it would amount to and
you can get that out of a screen shot or
two so final rating five out of ten
thanks for watching please subscribe